Background
  Welcome, player!
  Here, you crown the city.
  You can build several houses you want, BUT REMEMBER to complete the missions.
  Push yourself to your very best and try to make your city great again.
  Good Luck, and you'll need it.

Introduction
  I.Resource:
    A.Population:
      Population has a strong connection with Money and Happiness.
      Population will increase over time.
      If the mission is left aside for a period, it will bring about some certain death or moving away.
      A mission failed will lead to a Population loss.

    B.Money:
      Money is mainly for building different buildings.
      Money will increase over time.
      If the mission is left aside for a period of time, your city will be fined.
      A mission failed will lead to some considerate penalty.

    C.Happiness:
      Happiness is the measurement of how content and satisfied the people in your city are.
      Happiness will increase over time until it achieves a restricted number.
      You can earn more Happiness by completing missions in time.
      If the mission is left aside for a period, it will cut down on Happiness. 
      A mission failed will lead to a Happiness decreasing.

  II.House:
    A.Normal House(cost 150 Money per building)
    B.Special House
      a.Fire Station(cost 200 Money per building)
        Having a Fire Station, you can assign a firefighter of dealing with the event "Fire" and "Lightening". 
      b.Courier Company(cost 200 Money per building)
        Having a Courier Company, you can assign a truck of dealing with the event "Delivery Service". 
      c.Police Station(cost 200 Money per building)
        Having a Police Station, you can assign a police officer of dealing with the event "Car Accident", "Road Closure", and "Theft".
      d.Factory(cost 150 Money & 100 Happiness per building)
        Each Factory can change 1 Happiness into 5*(number of level) Money per second. 
      e.Shopping Mall(cost 300 Money per building)
        Each Shopping Mall can earn (number of level) Money every 2 second.
      f.School(cost 350 Money per building)
        Having a School,you can earn 2*(number of level) Happiness every 10 seconds.
      g.Hospital(cost 400 Money & 25 Happiness per building)
        Each Hospital can earn 5*(number of level) People every 5 seconds.

  III.Mission System:
    A.Car:
      a.Fire Truck
      b.Chemical Truck
      c.Truck
      d.Police Car
    B.Season:
      a.Spring
        less "Fire" and more "Lightening"
      b.Summer
        more "Fire"
      c.Autumn
        general
      d.Winter
        less "Fire" and more "Car Accident" and "Road Closure"
    C.Event:
      a.Fire
        If a normal house is on fire, use "Fire Truck" to put out fire.
        If a special house is on fire, use "Chemical Truck" to put out fire.
      b.Car Accident
        Assign "Police Car" the task.
      c.Road Closure
        Assign "Police Car" the task.
      d.Delivery Service
        Assign "Truck" the task.
      e.Theft
        Assign "Police Car" the task of catching the thief.
      f.Lightening
        Assign "Fire Truck" the task.

Instruction
  I.How to play?
    Build a house:
      Click the symbol of the house on your right to pick the type of the house you want to build.
      Then, move your mouse to the place where you want to build the house and left-click it.
      At last, right-click to give up building more houses.
    (Notice: The house can only be built at the place next to a road.)

    Assign a task:
      Click the symbol of small flag on your right to show the type of car you can assign.
      Then, select the type of the car you want to assign and left-click its symbol.
      At last, move your mouse to the place where you want the car to arrive at and left-click the position.
    (Notice: The car will not automatically go back to its origin (the special house that correspond to the car).)
    (Notice: If you want to complete the mission, assign the corresponding car to the position of the symbol of the event.)

  II.Victory:
    Level 1:
      happiness:1000
      money:1000
      population:100
    Level 2:
      happiness:2000
      money:2000
      population:300
    Level 3:
      happiness:3000
      money:4000
      population:500

  III.Failure:
    Population decreases to 0.